The Readme
1. Is the Readme file the first document displayed upon lading the Github? Does this Readme page include a title, and the name and contact information for all project members?
Yes the readme loads nicely however no contact information. Also only one name but its listed as two people in the project on the class website.

2. Is the purpose of this program clear from the Introduction? What -in your own words- is the motivation behind the program.
Yes very clear outlined purpose behind the project. The project wants automate the analysis of gut bacteria in order to understand its significance and how it affects the helath of the fish.

3. Is there a program workflow and is it easy to understand? What -in your own words- is the program workflow?
If someone does not have exposure to biology it might seem confusing but over it does make sense. Requires the data collected, analyze it and create grahpical representation of it.

4. Are the dependencies indicated in the workflow? If there are Hoffman2 specific requirements are they indicated?
Yea it outlines what dependcies are needed in order to run the program including hoffman specific.

5. Are there instructions for running the program? Do the instructions make sense? What would you do to improve the instructions?
Yes the instructions give an overall walkthrough of what to do and even provide options. Perhaps exlain why it might beneficial to do it one way or the other.

6. Is there a section that indicates the files and directories produced by the program?
Yes there are many

7. Are the research programs / motivations for the program cited? Are the dependencies cited?
Very detailed citations
The Scripts
8. Is there a directory that contains all of the program scripts?
Script is available.

9. Do these programs generate a run log?
Wasn't able to find it, perhaps label it more clearly.
The Vignette
10. Is there a directory called Vignette and does it include a test set, the commands used to run the program and the expected output databases?
Vignette is very clear and shows user what to expect. Even some output files are included.

11. Where you able to run the Vignette using the small test dataset? If not what errors did you get? If so was it easy to run the dataset? Where the instructions clear.
The whole script was broken down to smaller pieces which makes it easier to understand.

12. Where you able to reproduce the expected output? If not what was different.
Did not run all there outputs but was able to use their data based on the sameple metadata.
General
13. Give at least two suggestions for ways to improve the GitHub page or the operation of the program.
There are a lot of files and ouputs expectd visualizing small snippets of it would help an unexperienced user. Explain that qzv dont open on every internet broswer, specify how to open.
